README.md, before:

This is the buildsystem for the OpenWrt Linux distribution.

Please use "make menuconfig" to configure your appreciated
configuration for the toolchain and firmware.

You need to have installed gcc, binutils, patch, bzip2, flex,
make, gettext, pkg-config, unzip, libz-dev and libc headers.

Run "./scripts/feeds update" to get the latest package definitions
defined in feeds.conf / feeds.conf.default respectively
and "./scripts/feeds install" to install symlinks into "package/feeds/*".

Use "make menuconfig" to configure your image.

Simply running "make" will build your firmware.
It will download all sources, build the cross-compile toolchain, 
the kernel and all choosen applications.

You can use "scripts/flashing/flash.sh" for remotely updating your embedded
system via tftp.

The OpenWrt system is documented in docs/. You will need a LaTeX distribution
and the tex4ht package to build the documentation. Type "make -C docs/" to build it.

To build your own firmware you need to have access to a Linux, BSD or MacOSX system
(case-sensitive filesystem required). Cygwin will not be supported because of
the lack of case sensitiveness in the file system.


Sunshine!
	Your OpenWrt Project
	http://openwrt.org

Commit message:

add support arch for loongson ls1b, samsung s5pv210, mtk mt7620. ls1b only support initrd rootfs and yaffs2. s5pv210 have problem for toolchain. mt7620 just compile successful and not test.
using:
cp configs/[arch_model]_config
make menuconfig
make V=99

README.md, after:

This is the buildsystem for the OpenWrt Linux distribution.

You can get base config from ./configs/ dirs.
Use "cp ./configs/[arch model]_config .config"
There is some configs:
ls1bdev_official_config		---base config support from loongson offcial, but not use anyway.
ls1bdev_tiny_config		---support compile a tiny rootfs for loongson ls1b, boot from initrd.
mt7620_config		---support mtk mt7620, but not test. compile have some bug not fix.
tq210_tiny_config		---support for samsung s5pv210, use tq210 board, kernel & drivers.
							have problem in toolchain.

Please use "make menuconfig" to configure your appreciated
configuration for the toolchain and firmware.

You need to have installed gcc, binutils, patch, bzip2, flex,
make, gettext, pkg-config, unzip, libz-dev and libc headers.

Run "./scripts/feeds update" to get the latest package definitions
defined in feeds.conf / feeds.conf.default respectively
and "./scripts/feeds install" to install symlinks into "package/feeds/*".

Use "make menuconfig" to configure your image.

Simply running "make" will build your firmware.
It will download all sources, build the cross-compile toolchain, 
the kernel and all choosen applications.

You can use "scripts/flashing/flash.sh" for remotely updating your embedded
system via tftp.

The OpenWrt system is documented in docs/. You will need a LaTeX distribution
and the tex4ht package to build the documentation. Type "make -C docs/" to build it.

To build your own firmware you need to have access to a Linux, BSD or MacOSX system
(case-sensitive filesystem required). Cygwin will not be supported because of
the lack of case sensitiveness in the file system.


Sunshine!
	Your OpenWrt Project
	http://openwrt.org
